I don't usually wear headbands but when
I do I feel like Blair Waldorf if you
know where that's from than I love you
beep hi it's excel here and we're back
with another video so this week we're
talking about hair care knee I have hair
and it's sort of loan not really it's
medium length I'm a girl shocking here
are a few hair struggles that we've all
been through if you have long hair let's
get started on this video ok I've been
I'm done with you you make me look cute
but I'm not Blair Waldorf
so goodbye when your hair gets stuck on
your lip gloss after you just applied it
zippers when you're eating it's either
hair and fruit or food and hair I never
eat drinking soup or coffee or any kind
of beverage your hair always gets dipped
in haircuts
I've been fear to cut your hair split
ends and not wanting to cut them in the
summer when it's so hot and you feel
that sweat behind your neck yeah wearing
a backpack or a messenger bag and your
hair gets stuck in it and it's just
world war 3 with your hair the shower
drain and after you finish brushing your
hair your brush becomes yeah wearing a
necklace is like violently pulling on
your hair in the most violent way ever
when your hair tie won't go around your
hair three times but it's to lose when
it's only wrapped around twice it's not
that easy being a girl and now last but
not least one word for letter W I and D
win when you go outside and you have
your hair perfectly curl or straight or
anything and a whoosh of wind just comes
and messes it all up and you just look
like a sasquatch after guys literally
don't understand how hard it is being a
girl and taking care of her hair so if
you guys found this video totally
relatable make sure to leave a big
thumbs up subscribe if you haven't and
comment down below a fact about your
hair because I would like to know all
about hair you know
this hair like your hair color your hair
attire whatever thanks for watching and
I'll see you guys next week accelya out
we sway
how cool was that outro yeah I made it
myself
it only took like about three hours no
biggie I mean okay actually it took
about like on our 30 minutes but I was
procrastinating so much it's a tree so
this is not working out because the wind
game is not strong today and there are
bugs and I'm scared I don't go back in I
peace